chore: make the `@packages/telemetry` an independent bundle (#32623)
cypress-io/cypress: packages/telemetry/README.md

## Open Telemetry Links

* [otel docs](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/)
* [otel sdk](https://open-telemetry.github.io/opentelemetry-js/index.html)

###  Bundling

For the frontend telemetry collector, we use `rollup` to bundle the telemetry collector for frontend consumption. This DOES ship with the binary.

For the server, we bundle a CommonJS version to be used in the Node.js context. 

> We also build an ESM version of `@packages/scaffold-config` for the `node` client but it isn't currently in use as the consumption server-side is CommonJS currently.

Author: ```suggestion
We also build an ESM version of `@packages/telemetry` for the `node` client but it isn't currently in use as the consumption server-side is CommonJS currently.
```
